[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
PRINCESS JEANEE: Remote viewing
was created to know the truth.
You would just think
it was a dream.
But for fact,
extraterrestrials, they'll
look at me just like
I'm looking at you.
And they'll say, hey,
what are we doing here?
GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
What an amazing program
we have for you.
PrinCess Jeanee is
a remote viewer,
instructor of remote viewing
at the Farsight Sight
Institute in Atlanta.
She specializes in a form
of remote viewing named
scientific remote viewing.
PrinCess Jeanee,
welcome to the program.
JEANEE: Hi.
NOORY: How did you get
involved in remote viewing?
JEANEE: Well, so my director,
he works with the Farsight
Institute, and he saw me.
I used to be an art model.
NOORY: You were?
OK.
JEANEE: Yeah, I'm an--
oh, I still am, actually.
So he used to draw me.
He was a drawer.
And he watched me,
realized I was open-minded,
and then he goes,
watch this video.
See if you want to do it.
And it took me about
two months to watch it,
because I was thoroughly bored.
[LAUGHS]
NOORY: Really?
JEANEE: I was
thoroughly bored by it.
But he--
NOORY: There's not much you can
see on a remote viewing video,
right?
You just-- somebody sitting
there meditating or something
and writing?
JEANEE: Writing on a whiteboard.
And it was-- it just
didn't catch my attention,
because I'm like a cat.
NOORY: Yeah.
JEANEE: So I have to--
you know, so I kept
falling asleep.
Eventually I watched it, and I
saw that multiple people were
getting the same thing, and
they were in different parts
of the world.
NOORY: Right.
JEANEE: And I started--
when it got juicy, I guess.
And I-- I was like, OK,
well, I want to try it.
He goes, I'll pay
you to teach you.
And at that time, I just
did it for the money.
NOORY: Well, why not?
JEANEE: Whatever.
Why not?
OK, because I was
cleaning houses.
And when I-- I first started
doing it, I was like, OK.
That was a coincidence.
And then--
NOORY: You hit it.
You hit it right on.
JEANEE: Yeah.
It was something
small like a mountain,
some rivers, some water.
And I'm like, coincidence.
Whatever.
I believe in coincidences too.
NOORY: OK.
JEANEE: And then
it happened again.
And then me and
another young lady
got the same information
at the same time.
NOORY: All right.
JEANEE: And I think--
I said, OK, let
me try something.
I said-- I said, pick
the target and put it
beside me closed, because
I do everything blind,
because I don't believe you.
I just feel like--
I said, you're waiting
until I get the information.
NOORY: You thought this
was all mumbo jumbo.
JEANEE: Yeah.
[LAUGHS] I said, you're waiting
until I get the information.
So he goes, OK.
Your target's right here.
And he sat it in front of me
and covered it up in, like,
a manila folder.
And I did the whole thing.
And he just pulls it
out and shows it to me.
And I flipped.
I lost it.
NOORY: You were right on.
JEANEE: Right on it.
I started experiencing
so many different things,
and that's when I
fully believed it.
And I-- and so instead of me
doing it for just the money,
I became passionate about it.
So passionate.
So it all started with
me at an art cafe and--
and him saying, hey,
you look like you'd be
interested in this weird crap.
[LAUGHS]
NOORY: And you were.
JEANEE: And I was.
And I was.
NOORY: Did it come easy for you?
JEANEE: Well, I won't say
anything is easy or hard.
The hardest part about
remote viewing is letting go.
NOORY: Yeah.
JEANEE: And so I'm
very analytical.
I'm a natural-born
scientist, I would say.
Like, I'm looking at theories,
blah, blah, you know?
So I'm-- numbers and
this and that, and very,
very analytical.
And so it takes a lot for
me to believe in things
I can't prove.
NOORY: Right.
JEANEE: And so I
couldn't prove it.
And so it was like, no,
that doesn't make sense.
He goes, stop trying
to make sense.
NOORY: Go with the flow.
JEANEE: Just let it go.
Breathe with it.
And that was the
hardest part for me.
So hard or easy
depends on the person.
It depends on if you're able and
ready and willing to just take
a step back and go, [SIGH].
And say, OK.
What I get I get.
And go from there.
NOORY: Now before we
get really into this,
tell me about this amazing hedge
piece that you've got up there.
JEANEE: This is a
grounding crown.
I have tendencies to
randomly astral project.
[LAUGHS]
NOORY: Special stones?
JEANEE: Yes.
And so I had someone
make this for me.
I wear copper.
Copper-- copper helps with
all kinds of immunities.
NOORY: It's a purifier.
JEANEE: Mm-hmm.
It's a purifier.
I have shungite crystals,
which help purify
your body, your system.
It rids anxiety.
So this is-- I have
very bad anxiety,
so this helps keep me
grounded and it helps when
I'm around a lot of people.
NOORY: It's gorgeous.
JEANEE: Thank you so much.
NOORY: Can I touch it?
JEANEE: Um, I usually
don't let people, but--
[LAUGHS]
NOORY: Feel my vibration.
JEANEE: Yes.
NOORY: OK.
JEANEE: Yes, yes.
I love it.
This is beautiful.
This is one of
three crowns I have,
and this right
here was made by--
he calls himself
the Drip God Arulu.
NOORY: The Drip God Arulu.
JEANEE: And so this is
what he calls his drip.
[LAUGHS] I was
like, what's drip?
I'm way out of all the,
like, hip statuses.
Or what do they call them?
Slang, I guess.
I'm so out the loop.
[LAUGHS]
NOORY: The latest things.
JEANEE: Yeah, like,
I'm never able to talk
the way other people talk,
because I don't watch
TV or listen to radio much.
But--
NOORY: Radio, you
should start listening.
JEANEE: You know-- exactly.
[LAUGHS] When I
found out about you,
I started to do some research.
And I still want to
watch some things here.
I'm like, OK.
I'm going to go see if I
can go to their backlog
and just watch--
watch some more things.
And I'm very excited to be here.
NOORY: Well, that's exciting.
Now, does that help
you in remote viewing?
JEANEE: I can say yes and no.
The reason I say yes is
because amethyst helps you
with your third eye and--
but the shungite keeps
me here on this plane.
NOORY: Right.
JEANEE: And so with
remote viewing,
we pretty much learn to use
all of our mind at one time.
And so I'm using my
subconscious mind more so
than anything else,
and I'm trying
to distract my conscious mind.
And so this crown, I do wear it.
Sometimes I don't.
I wear what you see
here, my pendant here.
Or I'll keep-- you see
I have them all over me.
NOORY: Oh, yeah,
they're everywhere.
JEANEE: Everywhere.
[LAUGHS] I even have
them on my waist.
I have waist beads
with rakhi in them.
And-- or I'll have
them on my desks.
NOORY: Not around your ankles.
JEANEE: Usually I do.
I recently lost a piece, and
they say whenever you lose them
that their job for you is done.
NOORY: Do you wear these going
through an airport scanner?
JEANEE: I surely did.
NOORY: Does it ring off?
JEANEE: It did not, but they--
they wanted me to take it off so
they can, I guess, look at it.
NOORY: Oh, that's
a hassle, isn't it?
JEANEE: Yeah, but
I just took it off.
But I went through it just fine.
And I think they were more
intrigued by it than anything.
[LAUGHS] So--
NOORY: Well, have you
always been intuitive?
JEANEE: Yes.
NOORY: As a child?
JEANEE: As a child,
my mother would
say I said very
profound things, like--
that didn't make sense for a
four-year-old or a six-year-old
to say to their mom.
And I could feel energy.
I can tell when someone was sad.
I could feel-- I won't say
death, but other beings.
NOORY: You sense it or felt it?
JEANEE: Sense.
I could-- all of it.
It was just like I was in tune
with the things around me,
other people, able
to connect easily.
You know, my family's
not like me, so I can--
I'm like what you
would call a chameleon.
And so I almost blend
in to the person--
NOORY: With whatever environment
or person you're with.
JEANEE: With my environment,
and so I'm able--
and if I can't, I
won't be in that space.
NOORY: OK.
JEANEE: If I can't, I will move,
because I feel uncomfortable.
NOORY: So you do
it intentionally.
JEANEE: No.
I feel like it used to
be a defense mechanism.
Now I've learned
to kind of tap in.
NOORY: OK.
JEANEE: So I'm able to tap in
with all the energies of people
around me.
And a lot of people are,
like-- they call it empathic
is what I learned.
And so I used to watch a lot
of TV when I was younger,
and there was a show
called "Charmed,"
and it was about three witches.
Now, I grew up in a Christian
home, and so [LAUGHS]
abnormal things or
spiritual things
are kind of frowned upon
in the African Methodist
or Christian community.
Witchcraft is frowned
upon, and anything
that's not by the Bible
is considered that.
And so I felt connected
to one of the characters
in the TV show "Charmed"
that I used to watch.
NOORY: Sure.
JEANEE: And she was an empath.
And my mom recognized
it too, so that
helped her to understand me.
NOORY: Dr. Courtney Brown
is an amazing remote viewer,
and I guess worked with you?
JEANEE: Yes.
NOORY: How did that happen?
JEANEE: He's the
person who found me.
NOORY: Oh, he's that person.
JEANEE: He's that person.
NOORY: OK.
JEANEE: He's my best friend.
NOORY: Well, you were lucky to
have one of the best find you.
JEANEE: Yes.
Like I said, I had
no idea what it was.
Most people who get
into remote viewing,
they've heard of it before.
They've watched it.
They've researched it for
some odd reason, whether it--
for however they
found out about it.
Me, I was just a young artist.
And he said, I can't change
the world with these old hags.
[LAUGHS] Well, he didn't
really say hold hags, but like,
he was like-- you know,
he goes, we need younger--
younger people to--
NOORY: The younger
blood in this thing.
JEANEE: You know, to be able to
bring in a younger demographic,
because right now, our
demographic is of the older
generation.
NOORY: Sure.
JEANEE: And eventually, you
know, they fade away, and then
who's going to step in?
NOORY: Some of them
probably worked
on the military's
remote viewing program.
JEANEE: You know?
NOORY: You know?
JEANEE: And so there's
so much controversy.
And in the beginning,
it was just-- he said,
I can't teach people
how to be on camera,
but I can teach
someone who knows
how to be on camera, because I
model, I sing, I act, I dance.
NOORY: And that was you?
JEANEE: And he says, I can
teach someone who can be
on camera how to remote view.
NOORY: PrinCess Jeanee, I
want to talk with you about Ed
Dames, another remote viewer.
I had an opportunity
to talk with him
about his remote viewing.
When you were in the government
program, what was the mission?
What did they want you to do?
ED DAMES: In the--
the psychic spying unit?
NOORY: Yeah.
DAMES: Predominantly two things.
One was to locate hostages
and terrorists, which we did,
that--
Terry Waite, Terry Anderson,
and Colonel Higgins, those cases
specifically, and their captors.
But for the most
part, most of our time
was attempting to penetrate
very, very secret facilities
in Russia.
Again, predominantly
biological warfare facilities,
nuclear storage facilities.
One of our missions-- and we
worked for all the intelligence
agencies.
For instance, the CIA asked
us on behalf of the Navy
to locate some silkworm
missiles that the Iranians had
purchased from the Chinese.
These are anti-ship missiles.
They based upon the Strait
of Hormuz in warehouses.
So we had to locate
which warehouse
and then count the
missiles inside.
NOORY: How accurate
was the group?
DAMES: The group was--
a lot of-- of the documents have
been released now to the public
except the stuff that was
really, really accurate.
And what was classified
about the program
was the existence
of the program,
not the existence
of the protocols
that were developed at Stanford.
That was not-- that was why
I was able to take those out
from the deep, dark
world of intelligence
and teach them to civilians.
The people who were involved
and our accuracy rates, those
were the things that
were classified.
Some of the-- some of
the targets that I just
talked about, for instance,
the CIA-requested targets
and other things that
are highly classified,
those were never released.
NOORY: Are there different
kinds of remote viewing
like controlled remote viewing,
scientific remote viewing?
Or is it all the same to you?
JEANEE: There are differences.
That just thrilled me, honestly,
because I haven't seen much
controlled remote viewing.
And so he's a CRV.
NOORY: That one,
he's one of the best.
JEANEE: Yeah.
And so now, I'm going
to go look him up.
I know about it.
SRV stems from it.
But because of the
difficulties in everything--
and I don't want to say
inaccuracies, but you know,
it's kind of a give
or take, right?
With it.
We have to kind of just, like
I said, go with the flow.
And so SRV, which is Scientific
Remote Viewing, it's used to--
to kind of not know, to go
in blind, because now we
don't have anything interacting,
that-- because you know,
if you know something,
sometimes that
can interfere with our finds.
And so--
NOORY: Like, they told
him to find missiles.
That's control.
JEANEE: Exactly.
So now he knows he's going to
go in and find missiles, where
if I were to go to that same
location, that same place,
they would first
take me in and see
if I can even get to Russia.
NOORY: Right.
JEANEE: You know?
NOORY: And sketch a
missile out of nowhere.
JEANEE: Out of nowhere, which
lets them know that I'm there,
which is why--
like I said, why I think had it
been controlled remote viewing,
I wouldn't have
believed it as much.
NOORY: Right.
JEANEE: And so this
is what made me
believe it to be able to go
in and say, OK, I found this.
I found that.
Let me go through these
movement exercises.
Let me go through
these different things.
We have a template.
So controlled remote viewing
doesn't really have a template.
NOORY: If you remote viewed,
let's say, my house and I was
in it, and I was a
remote viewer too,
would I know or
sense that you were
trying to see me or
something like that?
Not-- not physically seeing.
JEANEE: I do believe--
OK, so I've never had this
happen before with humans.
So-- but I do believe and I do--
I have heard of other intuitive
remote viewers maybe feeling it
in one of their sessions that
had nothing to do with it.
NOORY: But they knew that
something was happening.
JEANEE: Something is
happening that had nothing
to do with what they're doing.
And-- but I don't think
you would know it was me,
or you would know that that's
actually what's happening.
But that's just a feeling.
That's what I believe.
I don't know that for certain.
The ETs, for certain, they'll
look me dead in your eye.
Like, I can-- and I think
it's because if they're
a remote viewer, maybe.
But-- and you might
have felt it in a dream.
Maybe you would
see it in a dream,
and maybe we would
talk in a dream,
and you would just
think it was a dream.
That's just my belief.
So I don't have a fact on that.
But for fact,
extraterrestrials, they'll
look-- they'll look at me
just like I'm looking at you,
and they'll see me.
And some of them are
opening, like Bashar.
He was very-- and I don't
want to even call him
an extraterrestrial or--
call Bashar an extraterrestrial,
because I believe
Bashar to be non-binary.
There's no gender for--
for Bashar.
But extraterrestrials, like,
I was able to look at them
and say, hey, you know,
what are we doing here?
NOORY: But I mean, you tell
if you're being remote viewed?
JEANEE: I--
NOORY: If that someone's
in the room right now.
JEANEE: I don't think I could.
NOORY: OK.
JEANEE: But I believe
it to be possible?
NOORY: Do you sense it?
JEANEE: It's never
happened to me.
NOORY: What a gift
that would be, though.
JEANEE: And if it
has, I don't know.
NOORY: Do we all have the
ability to remote view?
JEANEE: Yes.
We all have the
ability to remote view.
It's all a matter of
if you're willing or--
to let go.
Letting go, like I said earlier.
Letting go is the hardest
part, because we're bred
and we're trained to--
to not believe.
We're-- like, to not--
NOORY: We put up a
barrier, don't we?
JEANEE: Exactly.
We have these walls.
Magic isn't real.
ETs aren't real.
We are taught that growing up.
And so we have to now
reprogram ourself.
So I teach people how
to reprogram themselves.
NOORY: Yeah, tell me about
your training company.
JEANEE: So I have a company.
It's called PrinCess Views.
And-- which, I totally wish
I'd chose another name,
but whatever.
[LAUGHS] I have a company
called PrinCess Views,
and I do teach the
Farsight method.
I have permission from
Dr. Courtney Brown
to teach that method, because
that's what I'm proficient in.
NOORY: Sure.
And you know it well.
JEANEE: And I know--
I know it like the
back of my hand.
It's like breathing.
It's like me walking to my
bedroom and back with my eyes
closed.
I know it like the
back of my hand.
Now granted, of
course, science--
with science, things change,
so I do have to learn.
I'm continuously learning,
still to this day.
I'm always going to be learning.
If we stop learning,
we're dying.
NOORY: How many
people do you train?
JEANEE: I have
students that I train.
So like, if you wanted to
learn, I could train you.
So I have a number of
students that I've had.
I teach group and I teach solo.
NOORY: They come to
you, you go to them?
Or is it Zoom now because--
JEANEE: Zoom now
because of COVID.
They do come to me.
I have not yet
started traveling,
but I do want to
start soon, or--
NOORY: You should
be doing seminars.
JEANEE: I do want
to do seminars.
I don't know how yet to really
program that-- the specifics
of what I do.
So I'm working out those kinks.
I have been invited to
do a seminar in April
if I'm-- if I'm not mistaken.
So hopefully things are
kind of molded down.
NOORY: I had an interview with
another remote viewer, Lyn
Buchanan, who used to work
for government projects.
Let's look at what
he has to say.
Am I correct, Lyn, that
with remote viewing,
the more you think
about something,
the least you'll be able to do?
LYN BUCHANAN: The more you try
to interpret what you get--
we tell everybody, whatever
comes through, you know--
NOORY: Just let it come in.
BUCHANAN: Let it come in.
If it says red, don't
tell me it's an apple.
Tell me it's red, you know?
And don't try to
interpret anything.
Let your subconscious
mind be your eyes.
NOORY: Right.
BUCHANAN: And in fact, in the
training that I'm doing now
on the-- on the
internet, we start out
by having you look at a target,
look at the target picture,
and describe it.
NOORY: All right.
BUCHANAN: And then
we teach you--
NOORY: By physically
looking at it.
BUCHANAN: By physically
Most people don't know
how to describe things.
NOORY: Well, that's true.
BUCHANAN: And we teach you
how to describe things.
And then we say, OK.
Now we're going to
let your subconscious
mind be your eyes for you.
We hide the target,
let you do the session,
and then immediately
give you the feedback
and say, OK, what
were you right about?
What were you wrong about?
And so on.
Score this.
Accept your accuracy.
Accept your failures.
Accept your successes.
NOORY: Amazing work.
And I have found
with remote viewing
that I've dabbled
with, PrinCess Jeanee,
that the more you think,
the harder it is to do.
JEANEE: Yes.
And again, that's
why I say, let go.
NOORY: Yeah.
JEANEE: Let go, let go, let go.
Everything he just said is--
NOORY: Spot on.
JEANEE: --spot on.
If you start to think about it--
what was it?
Dr. Courtney Brown,
when he was teaching me,
he goes, PrinCess--
or he looked at me,
because I was, like, frantic.
[LAUGHS]
NOORY: Were you really?
JEANEE: Oh, yes.
[LAUGHS] He--
I know he and I--
I love him.
He's like a brother.
[LAUGHS] But we definitely
have some yelling matches.
And I had these--
NOORY: Oh, you did?
JEANEE: I have
these same yelling
matches with my students,
and they thank me for it,
because he goes, this is the one
time you're allowed to actually
be pretty and not think,
because that's what
they tell us growing up, women.
You can't just be pretty.
You have to think.
You have to--
NOORY: Don't be
just a pretty face.
JEANEE: Yeah.
You can't just be a pretty face.
He goes, just-- just do
that and stop thinking.
And when I stopped thinking--
like, he's-- like Lyn
Buchanan just said--
and I admire Lyn
Buchanan, actually.
I do.
NOORY: He's a
giant in the field.
JEANEE: It's hard
to describe things.
Like, I can't-- you as a
person, even as people,
you know how they
have the people--
when something bad
happens, they tell
the people to draw them out.
And they go, look
for them or whatnot.
NOORY: Right.
JEANEE: Like, I would have
to be able to describe you.
He's-- you know, he is--
he has pale skin.
You know, I do my best not
to give, like, ethnicities,
because we never know.
You know, he has
pale skin, dark hair.
I describe your hair.
He has facial hair.
You know, I have to know if
it's a mustache or a beard.
He-- you know, the shape of his
ears, the shape of your nose.
NOORY: But you see these things
when you're doing it, right?
JEANEE: I don't see.
I feel.
Now, I do--
NOORY: Do you?
JEANEE: Every remote
viewer is different.
There are some things
I can see straight on,
but I can't really
see in real life.
So-- [LAUGHS]
NOORY: Interesting.
JEANEE: But I do
always see afterwards.
It's like a memory.
NOORY: Do you use this
technique a lot for yourself?
JEANEE: Oh, yes.
NOORY: Everyday living?
JEANEE: Every-- well, I
remote view every single day.
NOORY: Do you really?
JEANEE: I do.
I haven't these past
two months because I've
been struggling with a
concussion, and it hurts.
It hurt.
NOORY: Oh, wow.
Are you OK?
JEANEE: I am.
Actually, on the
flight coming in,
leaving didn't do so
much, but coming in--
NOORY: You felt the pressure.
JEANEE: --into Colorado, I could
feel the pressure to the point
where I was falling.
NOORY: Was it hurting you?
JEANEE: I was in pain.
I felt like I was
going to vomit.
It was bad.
[LAUGHS] But-- so I am
recuperating from that.
But I remote view daily.
And I realize that
we as individuals,
we use remote viewing in our
lives without even knowing.
NOORY: Right.
It's a hunch.
JEANEE: It's-- it's intuition.
NOORY: For a lot of people.
Yeah.
JEANEE: It's what I call-- and
I know this isn't something
that's named, but what I call
intuitive remote viewing is--
is kind of-- is like a feeling.
NOORY: But how many people do
not react to that intuition?
They just scoff it off.
JEANEE: About 90%.
NOORY: Exactly.
JEANEE: 90%.
And we do that naturally.
Like I said, we
do that naturally.
In our everyday life,
we get that gut feeling,
and people don't listen
to that gut feeling
because it doesn't make sense.
Like, I recently saw a Facebook
post of this young lady saying
her grandmother always said
when her left eye twitches,
something bad's about to happen.
NOORY: Huh.
JEANEE: And she
said, sure enough,
for a week straight, my left
eye just kept twitching.
And I got in a--
she got into a car
accident on the eve
of her car accident
that she had last year.
And then her eye
stopped watching.
And-- and it was on the
way here that I saw that,
so I didn't get to communicate
with her about that.
And I wanted to tell
her so bad to teach her
how to follow
those gut feelings,
because she could
prevent certain things
from happening, which is what
we use remote viewing for, you
know?
What it was started
to use for, bombs.
You know, being
able to find bombs.
Could we have prevented 9/11?
Or could we have prevented
the riots that occurred?
I saw the riots that
recently happened
over the state of this
pandemic that we were having.
I saw them before they happened,
and I was blocking some of it
out, because it was too much.
I couldn't believe it.
I was like, no.
This isn't happening.
I've seen riots before.
I'm not seeing a riot.
And I had to make
sure I didn't do that.
But I saw these riots
before they happened,
and I documented it
before they happened.
And whenever I saw them
on the news and my sister
was calling me, because she
happened to be at one of them,
just walking through
downtown Atlanta
and just got into the crossfire,
got gassed, and I was--
I could re-feel it.
I recalled it.
And I said, I've seen this.
And I started crying.
I was--
NOORY: That emotional.
JEANEE: Oh, yes.
I've had some very
emotional remote viewings.
I've cried on camera a lot.
I've cried after finding
out where I've been.
Jack the Ripper had me in
tears, thinking about it now.
NOORY: So you remote
view the past as well?
JEANEE: Past,
present, and future.
NOORY: Got to be
careful doing that.
JEANEE: Honey, yes.
[LAUGHS] But that's
why I go in blind,
because it can interfere.
NOORY: Another great
remote viewer, Paul Smith,
explained about remote viewing.
And he says, it's more than
just letting the mind wander
and picking up things.
PAUL SMITH: What
you do is you focus
on perceiving the intended
target of your conscious mind.
And it's interesting
that you-- we can pick up
all kinds of things.
We can pick up sensory
experiences such as colors,
tastes, sounds, smells.
We can pick up more
intangible information.
Purposes, actions,
intentions, things like that.
We can pick up shapes.
We can pick up some
motion, movement.
You can pick up whole scenes.
It all depends where
you are in the process.
But it is-- it can be--
I wouldn't say it's like
being there physically,
but it's like--
NOORY: Pretty darn close.
SMITH: Pretty close, yes.
Pretty close.
NOORY: Can you depict
time with remote viewing?
And by that I mean, if
you're looking at something
and you see an explosion,
can you say May 2018?
I know that's the date.
Can you do that?
SMITH: You know,
unfortunately, you can't.
Remote viewing is
a descriptive kind
of approach to this
projected consciousness.
And what that means is you
could describe what happened.
You could say, I perceive
this big ball of rolling fire
or whatever, a loud explosion.
It reminds me of--
reminds me of some kind of--
well, explosion, at
a certain location.
But if you say, well,
when did it happen?
You'll say, well, I
know it's in the past.
Say, OK.
Well, that's good.
When?
[LAUGHS] And you say,
well, I don't know when,
but this happened before,
and this other thing
happened afterwards.
And so using that, you may be
able to kind of triangulate
when approximately
that happened.
But the thing about
remote viewing
is it's very right brain.
And so-- and things
like measuring
time and language
and mathematics
and all that kind of stuff is
fairly right-- or left brain,
and the two don't really
cooperate very well
in a remote viewing scenario.
And so that's why it's more
descriptive rather than
labeling.
NOORY: Paul wrote
a great book called
"Reading the Enemy's
Mind" about how
they were channeled
to read the enemy's
mind with remote viewing.
But you had mentioned
that you had
an encounter with Jack the
Ripper at a remote viewing
session.
What was that all about?
JEANEE: So my encounter--
and with "Reading
the Enemy's Mind,"
I call that a deep mind probe.
And so what that is is I
go in after I've described.
I go into their mind.
NOORY: OK.
JEANEE: And I see what
they're feeling like.
Is he schizophrenic?
Like, this-- I can
almost feel it, you know?
He feels spastic.
He feels distant, like there.
Like, I don't talk
to him, because I
said I can't talk to humans,
or I can talk to ETs.
But with Jack the
Ripper, I think
that was the first time
I saw through his eyes.
NOORY: Ooh.
JEANEE: And-- oh, honey.
NOORY: The things he
did, you saw that?
JEANEE: I saw it
through his eyes.
NOORY: Like you were there.
JEANEE: I was him.
And I don't know if that's ever
happened before, but that's--
I'm an emotional
being naturally,
and so I tap into why that
person does what they're doing,
or if they are.
So I could feel his--
I could feel he
thought he was OK.
I could feel that
he didn't think
he was doing anything wrong.
I could feel that he had
this-- it was an urge, an urge.
But not only did I
see through his mind,
I saw through the woman's mind.
NOORY: Jeez.
JEANEE: So I relived him--
NOORY: The victims.
JEANEE: I relived him
doing it, and then I
relived the victim
feeling it back to back.
That was the most
traumatic experience
I've ever had remote viewing.
NOORY: Why did you do this?
JEANEE: Well, I
didn't-- we don't know.
And so we don't always know--
NOORY: You can't control it?
JEANEE: No.
Again, I go in blind.
So when-- I don't know I'm
going to visit Jack the Ripper
until after I've been.
I'm given the targets
by other people
or by my director
or someone else.
And like, we have different
remote viewers, right?
And everyone experiences
things differently.
And so some people are like,
oh, this is what's happening.
Blas, blah.
OK.
And a story.
Me, because I'm an emotional
being naturally, I feel.
I don't draw.
If you-- and I think you'll
see in some of my videos
that I don't draw.
I don't write.
I don't use a whiteboard.
I feel.
I see.
NOORY: As most
remote viewers do.
JEANEE: Yeah, I don't do that.
I go into it.
I become or-- and I look around.
It's all here--
NOORY: Do you act it out.
JEANEE: --where I am.
And I-- or I am there.
And so I didn't know I was
going to visit Jack the Ripper.
I have no idea.
I never know where I'm going.
NOORY: When did you
realize that's who it was?
JEANEE: I was told after
I finished and completed.
NOORY: So you didn't know
while you were doing it?
JEANEE: Not at all.
Never.
And I never make assumptions.
I will never make--
now, there could have
been an assumption,
but I never make assumptions.
So if I'm remote viewing
somebody, I can say,
this reminds me of
such and such and such.
NOORY: Sure.
JEANEE: But I will never
say this is so-and-so,
because I could
be wrong, and then
that makes all my data
wrong, because now I'm
going to pull in that data.
NOORY: How are you able
to tap into something
that's not existing anymore?
Or does it always exist in time?
JEANEE: Everything
exists in time.
And so we do our best
not to make assumptions,
because we don't know
what timeline things are
going to be in.
And so I don't know
if I'm in the past,
if I'm in the present,
if I'm in the future.
And I am taught to and I
teach to make deductions.
My deduction-- by
deductions, it's like, OK.
When I remote viewed Martin
Luther King, I can't--
I didn't say, this is
Martin Luther King.
I said, this is an
African American
or a brown-skinned male in his
mid 30s who wants a difference.
He reminds me of--
and I-- in that time
I said President
Obama, and then I
said Malcolm X. I never
said Martin Luther King.
But those dynamics also fit
into his same personality.
And so with Jack
the Ripper, I never
encountered anything
like that before.
I didn't study Jack the Ripper.
I knew of him.
NOORY: And I guess you would
not like to encounter it again.
JEANEE: Nope.
[LAUGHS]
NOORY: I don't blame you.
JEANEE: Not at all.
NOORY: Wouldn't it
be safer for you
to do controlled remote viewing
where you know your target
and you go after it that
way rather than free flow
and stumble across some
of these horrible things?
JEANEE: Well, I
feel like I wouldn't
be able to get as much true
information that was missing
if I did do controlled
remote viewing,
because again, I'm
empathic, and I
feel things that can't be told.
NOORY: Have you ever done
controlled remote viewing?
JEANEE: I have done one
session, but that was just so
that I could experience it.
And so I had my director with
me, teaching me in the moment
how.
And I think because
I'm so used to--
and I want to
experience it more.
I do want to experience
it more, but I--
NOORY: It's a very
powerful thing.
JEANEE: I love my method.
I love the method
that I use, because we
do have a form of
controlled remote viewing
that we call basic SRV.
So what I do with scientific
remote viewing is advanced SRV.
But basic SRV kind of
follows the path of CRV.
But of course, we can't call
it that, because other people,
you know, that's
trademarked, you know?
NOORY: Right.
JEANEE: It's trademarked,
so we would never want to--
so we change.
You know, we don't use
the same terminology,
but it is a similar pattern.
NOORY: How long does it take
you to get into this state
to be able to do what you do?
JEANEE: I meditate.
We're-- I'm taught to meditate
for about 30 minutes before.
I personally meditate
three hours a day.
NOORY: Three hours a day?
Really?
JEANEE: Yes.
NOORY: Continuously?
JEANEE: Yes, continuously.
I'll start, and I do what is
called pranayam and asanas,
which is like a body
massage from head
to connect with the
heart, from our feet
to connect with the heart,
and a breathing exercise
before I then take us deeper.
And then I clear my
mind with a mantra
that was created to release
tiredness, because--
NOORY: And it works
for you that way.
JEANEE: Yes.
It works.
It helps to bring it in.
I do have advanced
perceptions, which
is something I might see in
my meditation, which sometimes
may or may not categorize
within where I'm going.
But it's just to get
it out of my mind
so I don't jump to
any conclusions.
NOORY: What is
mantra meditation?
JEANEE: Mantra meditation
is a repetition
of a phrase or a word.
So how-- I think
people that meditate,
and they are like here or
here, and they're like, om.
They say om.
Or if you're doing a
root chakra mantra,
you'll say lam over
and over again.
So there are people who
meditate that are here,
and there like, (DRAWN OUT)
om, over and over again.
That's a mantra.
My mantra is shaneem manah.
And that mantra was created
to rid yourself of tiredness
and clear the mind.
And so it'll bring up anything.
You'll have dreams
until it's just silence
and you can hear a pin drop.
I can hear someone move in
a different part of my home.
I can hear-- almost
hear thoughts,
and I don't know if they're
mine or the people around me.
I can feel where--
you know, if I'm in a
place with other people,
I can feel where
people are in my house.
I know someone's in the
kitchen or the bathroom.
Or I'm moving.
I can feel everything,
and it empties,
empties to where
all I have is just
me and my subconscious mind.
And so I repeat shaneem manah
over and over again in my mind.
NOORY: "Falling in
Love with Meditation"
is another Gaia series.
Teacher Sally Kempton
talks about that.
SALLY KEMPTON: The
definition of mantra,
there are many
definitions of mantra.
The most simple comes
from the word itself.
Man means mind, tra
means tool or technique.
So in the simplest sense, a
mantra is a tool for the mind.
And again, as many of you know,
when meditation practice first
became popular in the West, the
recognition of using a word,
using a thought to focus
on became a major part
of some of the early work
that was done on meditation.
And one of the things
that was discovered
was that you can use any word
as a focal point for the mind,
and it will start to
make the mind quiet.
In fact, in the 19th century,
the great English poet Alfred
Lord Tennyson discovered
this practice for himself.
He wrote in one of his-- one
of his letters to a friend,
I've discovered that if I
repeat my own name over and over
again, it puts me into a very
pleasant trance-like state,
and I go very deep into
an internal sense of rest.
So human beings naturally
discover the power
of using a word as a way
of settling the mind,
turning it inside.
But the great Sanskrit mantras--
and when I say
Sanskrit mantras, I
want to say that great
mantras of this kind
exist in many
different languages.
In Hebrew, for instance, in
Arabic, in other languages.
There are words that have no
mundane association, words that
have been used by
practitioners for hundreds
and hundreds of years
and that have the power
to act as a kind
of a depth charge
to take your awareness deep into
the subtle levels of the mind,
into the subtle
realms of the mind.
NOORY: What do
you think of that?
Is she right?
JEANEE: It's pretty much
exactly what I was saying.
And so shaneem
manah is-- you know,
people go, well,
what does that mean?
I don't want to say something
that doesn't have meaning.
NOORY: Right.
JEANEE: But I'm-- if you think
about it, I don't believe--
I don't believe that
any word has a meaning,
because every word means another
word, which means another word.
And so with that--
oh, she made the
most beautiful point.
Shaneem manah was created.
It was a created
phrase to take us in
and to sound like
everyday life around us.
So I can meditate on a train,
at a club, at the restaurant.
And that shh, aah, mna are
natural sounds around us.
If someone's vacuuming
or washing the dishes,
they-- it mimics the
sounds of things.
That way, I can tune
out and tune in.
NOORY: What is it about
meditation that just
seems to make all this work?
JEANEE: I believe it's the
quietness, the quietness
and the center within self.
Self is powerful, but we
don't hear ourselves mostly,
because we're too busy hearing
what people have told us,
or we're too busy hearing
negative thoughts or the things
that are created that we're
taught to believe that are--
you know, quiet the mind.
Quiet the mind.
And so-- so meditation
helps you to just be.
It helps you to just be
in that moment, which
then can allow you to believe
and to hear and to see
other things around you.
And so we're in
different realms daily.
It's a multiverse.
And so this is happening
in another universe,
in a completely different way,
while I'm interviewing you.
NOORY: Do you teach meditation?
JEANEE: Yes.
NOORY: And how quickly
does it take to learn?
JEANEE: It all depends on you.
It doesn't take-- it doesn't--
it doesn't take long to learn.
It does take a while
to get used to if you
aren't used to meditating.
So I teach you the pranayam
and asanas and I teach--
NOORY: Show me how you do that.
JEANEE: So I start with my face.
And some people like
to use their arms,
because our hands touch things.
So I start with my face,
and I go to my head.
I start with my head, down.
NOORY: You teach the
students the same technique?
JEANEE: Yes, before any day.
The day before I do anything.
That way, they can meditate
before every session.
It's important.
And they go back to our
heart, and I go to my hands,
back to my heart.
And women will massage
their left side first.
Men will massage their
right side first.
NOORY: Interesting.
JEANEE: I can't
remember exactly why.
It's something-- it
was a proven tool that
was this long ago, that ancient
time that's been passed.
And so of course, the
terminology has changed.
NOORY: What does
the touching do?
JEANEE: It connects
you to yourself,
because we're so busy here,
traffic, work, children,
spouses, anxiety.
And this reconnection,
this reminds you
that you're here,
back to our heart.
Back to our heart, our feet.
NOORY: Do you do it
with your eyes closed?
JEANEE: I do it
with my eyes open.
You can with your eyes closed.
NOORY: OK.
JEANEE: And again, women will
massage their left first.
And then I'll do our
pranayam, our asanas,
which is a nostril breathing.
NOORY: The nostrils, yeah.
JEANEE: Out and in, out and
in, out and in, out and in.
And I speed the process up.
NOORY: How do you know
when you're finished?
JEANEE: Just do.
NOORY: It just hits you?
JEANEE: You just do.
Everyone-- some
people do it shorter.
Some people do it longer.
Some people can't
meditate for long,
because they're not
used to sitting still
within themselves.
I used to only meditate
for 20 minutes a day.
Then it started to grow.
NOORY: Now you're three hours.
JEANEE: Now I'm three hours.
NOORY: Once you do this,
what does it do for you?
JEANEE: It calms me.
I didn't meditate
today, so I'm still
kind of-- ch, ch, ch, ch, ch.
NOORY: A little jittery?
JEANEE: Yes, but it--
it brings you into
a still moment
of breathing that's more
synchronized with your body
movement.
And-- and it can rotate
through your mind,
and it allows your subconscious
mind-- your conscious mind
to calm down and your
subconscious mind
to kind of fill
in and take over.
NOORY: What would you say
is the most important aspect
of remote viewing, why we do it?
JEANEE: To find out the truth.
Remote viewing was
created to know the truth.
There's so many mysteries
that are buried.
NOORY: Many.
JEANEE: There's so
many things that just--
we don't know.
We don't know what
really happened.
How was this really made?
How did this really happen?
Who really did this?
Do we have a hunch?
Can we follow that
hunch and move forward?
And it's the
all-knowing, the truth,
which is why a lot of people
didn't want civilians to know.
NOORY: Interesting.
What's next for you?
JEANEE: What's next for me?
NOORY: Yes.
JEANEE: To continue to teach.
I want to teach.
I want to grow.
I want to do more conferences.
I want to talk more
about remote viewing.
I want to learn more.
NOORY: How do people get
a hold of you, PrinCess?
JEANEE: You can-- call me!
No.
[LAUGHS]
NOORY: Call me.
JEANEE: Yeah, you can
find me at princess--
P-R-I-N-C-E-S-S-- views--
V-I-E-W-S--
@gmail.com right now.
My website is being
constructed, reconstructed.
And my website is
princessviews.net.
But like I said, it's being
moved around at this moment,
so it looks a little
wonky, but you can still
find me there as well.
And yeah, that's
how you can find me.
NOORY: Fascinating.
Well, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
JEANEE: Thank you so much.
NOORY: Really appreciate it.
I've interviewed many, many
remote viewers in my career,
but PrinCess Jeanee
is the very first one
who has undergone
a training program
and now is teaching
other people.
Fascinating.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]